ChiralPhaseLift/README.md, before:

## Reimagining the Imaginary — The Chiral Phase Lift

A cryptographically signed proof that the classical imaginary unit $i$ is a bounded continuous phase lift with a chiral lock.

Author: Alex B.
Contact: mathsisbeautiful@proton.me

PGP Fingerprint: 6075 F388 1B81 57C4 BE55 6D69 9021 158C 5E28 C900

SHA256 Hash of ReimaginingTheImaginary_v3.pdf:
64E77E926119FF2DECE289D08A481F1FCE5B5A522A558EE6F610BA7A9C26E848

## ✅ How to Verify My Signature

This document is cryptographically signed.

To verify it:

1. Download the public key (`Purrplexia_public_key.asc`) provided in this repository.
2. Download the signed PDF (`ReimaginingTheImaginary_v3.pdf`) and signature file (`ReimaginingTheImaginary_v3.pdf.asc`).
3. Run:
```bash
gpg --import Purrplexia_public_key.asc
gpg --verify ReimaginingTheImaginary_v2.pdf.asc ReimaginingTheImaginary_v3.pdf
```
4. If you see `Good signature from "Purrplexia <mathsisbeautiful@proton.me>"` you know it’s genuine.

**Important:** If anyone claims authorship without this matching signature — they are not the real author.
Please report to me if you find forgeries.

Commit message:

Version 4 changes: - Added 2 new theorems, a new lemma, and 2 Corollaries with further extension of the usage of Slip and Lift. - Restructured Document slightly - Formatting and spelling fixes - Added lots of clarification statements

ChiralPhaseLift/README.md, after:

## Reimagining the Imaginary — The Phase Slip

A cryptographically signed proof that the classical imaginary unit $i$ is a bounded Phase Slip with a chiral lock.

Author: Alex B.
Contact: mathsisbeautiful@proton.me

PGP Fingerprint: 6075 F388 1B81 57C4 BE55 6D69 9021 158C 5E28 C900

SHA256 Hash of ReimaginingTheImaginary_v4.pdf:  
5450D626228144F1D3463182B162E09A585BC816679331CB9F1C8F663B5899E5

## ✅ How to Verify My Signature

1. **Install GPG:**
   - **Windows:** https://gnupg.org/download/
   - **Ubuntu:** `sudo apt-get install gnupg`
   - **RedHat:** `sudo yum install gnupg`
   - **macOS:** `brew install gnupg`

2. Download **my public key**: `Purrplexia_public_key.asc`

3. Download:
   - `ReimaginingTheImaginary_v4.pdf`
   - `ReimaginingTheImaginary_v4.pdf.asc`

4. Verify:
```bash
   gpg --import Purrplexia_public_key.asc
   gpg --verify ReimaginingTheImaginary_v4.pdf.asc ReimaginingTheImaginary_v4.pdf
```
5. If you see `Good signature from "Purrplexia <mathsisbeautiful@proton.me>"` you know it’s genuine.

## ✅ How to Verify My File Hash
1. Download the file ReimaginingTheImaginary_v4.pdf
2. Calculate Hash:
   - Windows (PowerShell): `Get-FileHash ReimaginingTheImaginary_v4.pdf -Algorithm SHA256`
   - Linux: `sha256sum ReimaginingTheImaginary_v4.pdf`
   - MacOS: `shasum -a 256 ReimaginingTheImaginary_v4.pdf`
3. Compare file hash to the one listed in this document above

**⚠️ Important:** If anyone claims authorship without this matching signature — they are not the real author.
Please report to me if you find forgeries.
